So let's quickly remind ourselves what we did in the last lecture.
Apart from creating a migration for one too many polymorphic relationship for comments we have modified
how this relationship looks on comments or now it is commendable.
And it calls more too.
So this is a way to do it for one to many relationship which is polymorphic on the blog post.
We have comments and instead of has many.
We are using more of many and we've also added our relationship comments on for our user which also
is using more of many notice that we previously had a comment relationship for the user which was used
to fetch all the comments that were created by it by our particular user.
And this one is for all the comments that are on our particular user.
So now people would also be able to comment on particular user.
Now we previously created this post command controller which was our resource controller which used
our middleware to protect certain root.
We only have one action inside it and we require authentication for this store action which saves on
new comment to the blog post.
So here we are using the root model binding to fetch a blog post immediately by typing it with the proper
class.
Then we have the store comment request class in which we have put some validation rules for comments.
There is only one here.
The content is required and has to be at least five characters long.
Now when we call create on the relationship we do not have to worry about assigning the commendable
idea and commendable type Lavell is handling this for us.
That's why it's important how you define the relation itself on the models so a lot of us can understand
what are you trying to do.
So here we only had to pass the content and the user I.D. So this time we would like to create the same
controller but for users so it would actually be almost the same controller.
So we can quickly generate this controller for adding comments to users.
So let's do that.
Peach be artisan make controller and let's call it user comment.
Controller
so not is that we are not doing this on the user controller which only has an update method.
And of course basically it has some more methods but it is using only free to show the user profile
show the editing form and to actually update the user in which we are only changing the user profile
image.
So this user comment controller is about something else so it is related to handling a different resource.
That's why you should always create a brand new controller which is centred around some abstract concept
so user controller is centered around the user model itself.
Then the post TAC controller which we also have is centered about relating tags to our Controller.
Then we have post comment controller which is about relating comments to come to our blog post.
So that's why we have also created a user comment controller.
OK I hope this makes sense and what we will actually doing this case is we can just copy whatever we
have inside the post comment controller because this controller would be essentially the same.
We also require out integration to post comments.
As for the very reason that each comment requires a user I.D. We do not have anonymous comments then
we will use the route model binding so we'll type hints are argument of the action.
And since this would be our resource controller Lavell will know what it has to fetch to this action.
So we use user from the namespace up user.
That's very important as you import the proper one.
So mind this import here.
Next we have store comment.
We can use the same request class because it is actually the same.
So also mind that you have to add an import.
This request.
Import class.
We do not need.
So we can remove that.
Now obviously this parameter inside the route would be called user you will see that in a moment.
So of course it's not a post.
So let's update updated also here.
Now the relationship on the user it's important that you shouldn't use comments because comments is
something else.
Those are comments of a user so you should use comments on and then create stays the same.
We read content from the input we read user from the requests so currently authenticated user.
You also might remember that we can fetch it using also the Alpha site.
So we have many plenty of ways which we can fetch a user.
You should always just decide on one that you will use.
Now in this case we also said the status message for the flash message which should be displayed on
the next page after the redirect but we've already know that we can do that differently.
So we can use read return redirect back and we can add something like this with status so this will
just create session variable with the name that would be lower case after whatever comes after with.
So we did that already and here you only specified the actual message
so we can do it like that.
Then we won't require this separate call and this makes this controller even shorter.
Now since we are doing it like that here let's also modify the original post comment.
Controller
so it's also important that you are consistent throughout this course.
I'm showing you different ways to do different things.
But remember that you shouldn't like follow everything what I do.
I'm showing you different ways so you you are aware of them.
But in your application when you will create them you should decide on the one way which you can which
you use to accomplish a specific task.
So we also know that there are many possibilities which you can use to assign something to our relationship
you can for example create a new comment model and then assign its properties like commendable ideas
commendable type but what you should do differently in your production application is those that you
will then create on yourself.
After finishing this course you should probably stick to one way of handling specific task.
If there is like no reason to do it differently.
Just a suggestion.
Of course we can also remove this request class from here.
And this is this is highlighted in red.
Thanks to our plugging that they have for Visual Studio code explained at the beginning of the course.
So let's save the changes.
And now finally come P or control p on Windows.
And let's go to the Web BJP to define our root for our new controller.
So this would all also be a resource controller like this definition that you see here we'll call it
users comments user comment controller the only route that we need is star and basically we are done.
We have created a controller which can handle adding a comment to a particular user.
Now let's run PDP artisan route released to see if our route was added properly.
And there it is.
It's called user dot comments that store it relates to the store method on the user comment controller.
It has the and web middleware and the H2 DP method is post and this is how the euro would look like.
So not these that user is added automatically it is marching with the variable name not we've given
inside the store action.
So by type hinting it we are using that route model binding.
So that would be about how to create the logic for storing the comments in the next lecture will handle
how to actually create the views to do that and we'll also reuse whatever we have already created both
for showing the comments and for having a forum for adding the comments.